Add Nuxt.js (#190)
0ex/more-awesome: readme.md

- [Preact](https://github.com/ooade/awesome-preact) - App framework.
- [Progressive Enhancement](https://github.com/jbmoelker/progressive-enhancement-resources)
- [Next.js](https://github.com/unicodeveloper/awesome-nextjs) - Framework for server-rendered React apps.

> - [Nuxt.js](https://github.com/nuxt-community/awesome-nuxt) - The Vue.js Developers Framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Nuxt](https://github.com/nuxt-community/awesome-nuxt) - The Intuitive Web Framework, based on Vue 3.
```

> - [Nuxt.js](https://github.com/nuxt-community/awesome-nuxt) - The Vue.js Developers Framework.

Reviewer 2: Thanks!
